CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to api.video

:movie_camera::+1::tada: Thank you for taking the time to contribute and participate in the implementation of a Video First World! :tada::+1::movie_camera:

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to api.video and its packages, which are hosted in the [api.video Organization](https://github.com/apivideo) on GitHub.

#### Table of contents

[Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)

[I just have a question!](#i-just-have-a-question)

[How Can I Contribute?](#how-can-i-contribute)
  * [Reporting Bugs](#reporting-bugs)
  * [Suggesting Enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
  * [Pull Requests](#pull-requests)

[Styleguides](#styleguides)
  * [Git Commit Messages](#git-commit-messages)
  * [Documentation Styleguide](#documentation-styleguide)

[Additional Notes](#additional-notes)
  * [Issue Labels](#issue-and-pull-request-labels)

## Code of conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [api.video Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [help@api.video](mailto:help@api.video).

## I just have a question!

> **Note:** [Please don't file an issue to ask a question.] You'll get faster results by using the resources below.

We have an official message board with a detailed FAQ and where the community chimes in with helpful advice if you have questions.

* [The official api.video's Community](https://community.api.video/)
* [api.video FAQ](https://community.api.video/c/faq/)


## How can I contribute?

### Reporting bugs

This section guides you through submitting a bug report for api.video. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your report :pencil:, reproduce the behavior :computer:, and find related reports :mag_right:.

Before creating bug reports, please check [this list](#before-submitting-a-bug-report) as you might find out that you don't need to create one. When you are creating a bug report, please [include as many details as possible](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-bug-report). Fill out [the required template](https://github.com/apivideo/api.video-contribution/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md), the information it asks for helps us resolve issues faster.

> **Note:** If you find a **Closed** issue that seems like it is the same thing that you're experiencing, open a new issue and include a link to the original issue in the body of your new one.

#### Before submitting a bug report

* **Check the [The official api.video's Community](https://community.api.video/)** for a list of common questions and problems.
* **Determine which repository the problem should be reported in**.
* **Perform a [cursory search](https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo)** to see if the problem has already been reported. If it has **and the issue is still open**, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

#### How do I submit a (good) bug report?

Bugs are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/). After you've determined which repository your bug is related to, create an issue on that repository and provide the following information by filling in [the template](https://github.com/apivideo/api.video-contribution/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md).

Explain the problem and include additional details to help maintainers reproduce the problem:

* **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the problem.
* **Describe the exact steps which reproduce the problem** in as many details as possible. When listing steps, **don't just say what you did, but explain how you did it**.
* **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps**. Include links to files or GitHub projects, or copy/pasteable snippets, which you use in those examples. If you're providing snippets in the issue, use [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
* **Describe the behavior you observed after following the steps** and point out what exactly is the problem with that behavior.
* **Explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.**
* **Include screenshots or videos** which show you following the described steps and clearly demonstrate the problem.
* **If the problem wasn't triggered by a specific action**, describe what you were doing before the problem happened and share more information using the guidelines below.

Provide more context by answering these questions:

* **Did the problem start happening recently** (e.g. after updating to a new version of api.video) or was this always a problem?
* If the problem started happening recently.**
* **Can you reliably reproduce the issue?** If not, provide details about how often the problem happens and under which conditions it normally happens.

Include details about your configuration and environment:

* **Which version of the api.video package are you using?** 
* **What's the name and version of the OS you're using?**

### Suggesting enhancements

This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion for api.video project, including completely new features and minor improvements to existing functionality. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your suggestion :pencil: and find related suggestions :mag_right:.

When you are creating an enhancement suggestion, please [include as many details as possible](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-enhancement-suggestion). Fill in [the template](https://github.com/apivideo/api.video-contribution/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md), including the steps that you imagine you would take if the feature you're requesting existed.


#### How do I submit a (good) enhancement suggestion?

Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/). After you've determined which repository your enhancement suggestion is related to, create an issue on that repository and provide the following information:

* **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
* **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.
* **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps**. Include copy/pasteable snippets which you use in those examples, as [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
* **Describe the current behavior** and **explain which behavior you expected to see instead** and why.
* **Include screenshots** which help you demonstrate the steps or point out the part of api.video which the suggestion is related to.
* **Explain why this enhancement would be useful** to most api.video users and isn't something that can or should be implemented as a community package.
* **Specify which version of the api.video package you're using.**
* **Specify the name and version of the OS you're using.**


### Pull requests

Since this API client is generated from an OpenAPI description, we cannot accept pull requests made directly to the repository. 
If you want to contribute, you can open a pull request on the repository of our [client generator](https://github.com/apivideo/api.video-api-client-generator). 
Otherwise, you can also simply open an issue detailing your need on this repository.

## Additional notes

### Issue labels

This section lists the labels we use to help us track and manage issues on all api.video repositories.

[GitHub search](https://help.github.com/articles/searching-issues/) makes it easy to use labels for finding groups of issues or pull requests you're interested in. We encourage you to read about [other search filters](https://help.github.com/articles/searching-issues/) which will help you write more focused queries.


#### Type of issue and issue state

| Label name | `apivideo` :mag_right: | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `enhancement` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-enhancement] | Feature requests. |
| `bug` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-bug] | Confirmed bugs or reports that are very likely to be bugs. |
| `question` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-question] | Questions more than bug reports or feature requests (e.g. how do I do X). |
| `feedback` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-feedback] | General feedback more than bug reports or feature requests. |
| `help-wanted` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-help-wanted] | The api.video team would appreciate help from the community in resolving these issues. |
| `more-information-needed` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-more-information-needed] | More information needs to be collected about these problems or feature requests (e.g. steps to reproduce). |
| `needs-reproduction` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-needs-reproduction] | Likely bugs, but haven't been reliably reproduced. |
| `blocked` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-blocked] | Issues blocked on other issues. |
| `duplicate` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-duplicate] | Issues which are duplicates of other issues, i.e. they have been reported before. |
| `wontfix` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-wontfix] | The api.video team has decided not to fix these issues for now, either because they're working as intended or for some other reason. |
| `invalid` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-invalid] | Issues which aren't valid (e.g. user errors). |
| `package-idea` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-package-idea] | Feature request which might be good candidates for new packages, instead of extending api.video packages. |
| `wrong-repo` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-wrong-repo] | Issues reported on the wrong repository. |

#### Topic categories

| Label name | `apivideo` :mag_right: | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `windows` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-windows] | Related to api.video running on Windows. |
| `linux` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-linux] | Related to api.video running on Linux. |
| `mac` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-mac] | Related to api.video running on macOS. |
| `documentation` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-documentation] | Related to any type of documentation. |
| `performance` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-performance] | Related to performance. |
| `security` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-security] | Related to security. |
| `ui` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-ui] | Related to visual design. |
| `api` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-api] | Related to api.video's public APIs. |


[search-apivideo-org-label-enhancement]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aenhancement
[search-apivideo-org-label-bug]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Abug
[search-apivideo-org-label-question]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aquestion
[search-apivideo-org-label-feedback]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Afeedback
[search-apivideo-org-label-help-wanted]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Ahelp-wanted
[search-apivideo-org-label-more-information-needed]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Amore-information-needed
[search-apivideo-org-label-needs-reproduction]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aneeds-reproduction
[search-apivideo-org-label-windows]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Awindows
[search-apivideo-org-label-linux]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Alinux
[search-apivideo-org-label-mac]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Amac
[search-apivideo-org-label-documentation]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Adocumentation
[search-apivideo-org-label-performance]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aperformance
[search-apivideo-org-label-security]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Asecurity
[search-apivideo-org-label-ui]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aui
[search-apivideo-org-label-api]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aapi
[search-apivideo-org-label-blocked]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Ablocked
[search-apivideo-org-label-duplicate]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aduplicate
[search-apivideo-org-label-wontfix]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Awontfix
[search-apivideo-org-label-invalid]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Ainvalid
[search-apivideo-org-label-package-idea]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Apackage-idea
[search-apivideo-org-label-wrong-repo]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Awrong-repo
[search-apivideo-org-label-work-in-progress]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3Aapivideo%2Fapivideo+label%3Awork-in-progress
[search-apivideo-org-label-needs-review]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3Aapivideo%2Fapivideo+label%3Aneeds-review
[search-apivideo-org-label-under-review]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3Aapivideo%2Fapivideo+label%3Aunder-review
[search-apivideo-org-label-requires-changes]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3Aapivideo%2Fapivideo+label%3Arequires-changes
[search-apivideo-org-label-needs-testing]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3Aapivideo%2Fapivideo+label%3Aneeds-testing

[help-wanted]:https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ahelp-wanted+user%3Aapivideo+sort%3Acomments-desc

Commit message:

Fix dead links in CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to api.video

:movie_camera::+1::tada: Thank you for taking the time to contribute and participate in the implementation of a Video First World! :tada::+1::movie_camera:

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing to api.video and its packages, which are hosted in the [api.video Organization](https://github.com/apivideo) on GitHub.

#### Table of contents

- [Contributing to api.video](#contributing-to-apivideo)
      - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Code of conduct](#code-of-conduct)
  - [I just have a question!](#i-just-have-a-question)
  - [How can I contribute?](#how-can-i-contribute)
    - [Reporting bugs](#reporting-bugs)
      - [Before submitting a bug report](#before-submitting-a-bug-report)
      - [How do I submit a (good) bug report?](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-bug-report)
    - [Suggesting enhancements](#suggesting-enhancements)
      - [How do I submit a (good) enhancement suggestion?](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-enhancement-suggestion)
    - [Pull requests](#pull-requests)
  - [Additional notes](#additional-notes)
    - [Issue labels](#issue-labels)
      - [Type of issue and issue state](#type-of-issue-and-issue-state)
      - [Topic categories](#topic-categories)

## Code of conduct

This project and everyone participating in it is governed by the [api.video Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behavior to [help@api.video](mailto:help@api.video).

## I just have a question!

> **Note:** [Please don't file an issue to ask a question.] You'll get faster results by using the resources below.

We have an official message board with a detailed FAQ and where the community chimes in with helpful advice if you have questions.

* [The official api.video's Community](https://community.api.video/)
* [api.video FAQ](https://community.api.video/c/faq/)


## How can I contribute?

### Reporting bugs

This section guides you through submitting a bug report for api.video. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your report :pencil:, reproduce the behavior :computer:, and find related reports :mag_right:.

Before creating bug reports, please check [this list](#before-submitting-a-bug-report) as you might find out that you don't need to create one. When you are creating a bug report, please [include as many details as possible](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-bug-report). Fill out [the required template](https://github.com/apivideo/.github/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md), the information it asks for helps us resolve issues faster.

> **Note:** If you find a **Closed** issue that seems like it is the same thing that you're experiencing, open a new issue and include a link to the original issue in the body of your new one.

#### Before submitting a bug report

* **Check the [The official api.video's Community](https://community.api.video/)** for a list of common questions and problems.
* **Determine which repository the problem should be reported in**.
* **Perform a [cursory search](https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo)** to see if the problem has already been reported. If it has **and the issue is still open**, add a comment to the existing issue instead of opening a new one.

#### How do I submit a (good) bug report?

Bugs are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/). After you've determined which repository your bug is related to, create an issue on that repository and provide the following information by filling in [the template](https://github.com/apivideo/.github/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md).

Explain the problem and include additional details to help maintainers reproduce the problem:

* **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the problem.
* **Describe the exact steps which reproduce the problem** in as many details as possible. When listing steps, **don't just say what you did, but explain how you did it**.
* **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps**. Include links to files or GitHub projects, or copy/pasteable snippets, which you use in those examples. If you're providing snippets in the issue, use [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
* **Describe the behavior you observed after following the steps** and point out what exactly is the problem with that behavior.
* **Explain which behavior you expected to see instead and why.**
* **Include screenshots or videos** which show you following the described steps and clearly demonstrate the problem.
* **If the problem wasn't triggered by a specific action**, describe what you were doing before the problem happened and share more information using the guidelines below.

Provide more context by answering these questions:

* **Did the problem start happening recently** (e.g. after updating to a new version of api.video) or was this always a problem?
* If the problem started happening recently.**
* **Can you reliably reproduce the issue?** If not, provide details about how often the problem happens and under which conditions it normally happens.

Include details about your configuration and environment:

* **Which version of the api.video package are you using?** 
* **What's the name and version of the OS you're using?**

### Suggesting enhancements

This section guides you through submitting an enhancement suggestion for api.video project, including completely new features and minor improvements to existing functionality. Following these guidelines helps maintainers and the community understand your suggestion :pencil: and find related suggestions :mag_right:.

When you are creating an enhancement suggestion, please [include as many details as possible](#how-do-i-submit-a-good-enhancement-suggestion). Fill in [the template](https://github.com/apivideo/.github/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md), including the steps that you imagine you would take if the feature you're requesting existed.


#### How do I submit a (good) enhancement suggestion?

Enhancement suggestions are tracked as [GitHub issues](https://guides.github.com/features/issues/). After you've determined which repository your enhancement suggestion is related to, create an issue on that repository and provide the following information:

* **Use a clear and descriptive title** for the issue to identify the suggestion.
* **Provide a step-by-step description of the suggested enhancement** in as many details as possible.
* **Provide specific examples to demonstrate the steps**. Include copy/pasteable snippets which you use in those examples, as [Markdown code blocks](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/#multiple-lines).
* **Describe the current behavior** and **explain which behavior you expected to see instead** and why.
* **Include screenshots** which help you demonstrate the steps or point out the part of api.video which the suggestion is related to.
* **Explain why this enhancement would be useful** to most api.video users and isn't something that can or should be implemented as a community package.
* **Specify which version of the api.video package you're using.**
* **Specify the name and version of the OS you're using.**


### Pull requests

Since this API client is generated from an OpenAPI description, we cannot accept pull requests made directly to the repository. 
If you want to contribute, you can open a pull request on the repository of our [client generator](https://github.com/apivideo/api.video-api-client-generator). 
Otherwise, you can also simply open an issue detailing your need on this repository.

## Additional notes

### Issue labels

This section lists the labels we use to help us track and manage issues on all api.video repositories.

[GitHub search](https://help.github.com/articles/searching-issues/) makes it easy to use labels for finding groups of issues or pull requests you're interested in. We encourage you to read about [other search filters](https://help.github.com/articles/searching-issues/) which will help you write more focused queries.


#### Type of issue and issue state

| Label name | `apivideo` :mag_right: | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `enhancement` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-enhancement] | Feature requests. |
| `bug` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-bug] | Confirmed bugs or reports that are very likely to be bugs. |
| `question` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-question] | Questions more than bug reports or feature requests (e.g. how do I do X). |
| `feedback` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-feedback] | General feedback more than bug reports or feature requests. |
| `help-wanted` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-help-wanted] | The api.video team would appreciate help from the community in resolving these issues. |
| `more-information-needed` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-more-information-needed] | More information needs to be collected about these problems or feature requests (e.g. steps to reproduce). |
| `needs-reproduction` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-needs-reproduction] | Likely bugs, but haven't been reliably reproduced. |
| `blocked` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-blocked] | Issues blocked on other issues. |
| `duplicate` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-duplicate] | Issues which are duplicates of other issues, i.e. they have been reported before. |
| `wontfix` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-wontfix] | The api.video team has decided not to fix these issues for now, either because they're working as intended or for some other reason. |
| `invalid` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-invalid] | Issues which aren't valid (e.g. user errors). |
| `package-idea` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-package-idea] | Feature request which might be good candidates for new packages, instead of extending api.video packages. |
| `wrong-repo` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-wrong-repo] | Issues reported on the wrong repository. |

#### Topic categories

| Label name | `apivideo` :mag_right: | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `windows` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-windows] | Related to api.video running on Windows. |
| `linux` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-linux] | Related to api.video running on Linux. |
| `mac` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-mac] | Related to api.video running on macOS. |
| `documentation` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-documentation] | Related to any type of documentation. |
| `performance` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-performance] | Related to performance. |
| `security` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-security] | Related to security. |
| `ui` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-ui] | Related to visual design. |
| `api` | [search][search-apivideo-org-label-api] | Related to api.video's public APIs. |


[search-apivideo-org-label-enhancement]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aenhancement
[search-apivideo-org-label-bug]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Abug
[search-apivideo-org-label-question]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aquestion
[search-apivideo-org-label-feedback]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Afeedback
[search-apivideo-org-label-help-wanted]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Ahelp-wanted
[search-apivideo-org-label-more-information-needed]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Amore-information-needed
[search-apivideo-org-label-needs-reproduction]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aneeds-reproduction
[search-apivideo-org-label-windows]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Awindows
[search-apivideo-org-label-linux]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Alinux
[search-apivideo-org-label-mac]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Amac
[search-apivideo-org-label-documentation]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Adocumentation
[search-apivideo-org-label-performance]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aperformance
[search-apivideo-org-label-security]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Asecurity
[search-apivideo-org-label-ui]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aui
[search-apivideo-org-label-api]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aapi
[search-apivideo-org-label-blocked]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Ablocked
[search-apivideo-org-label-duplicate]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Aduplicate
[search-apivideo-org-label-wontfix]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Awontfix
[search-apivideo-org-label-invalid]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Ainvalid
[search-apivideo-org-label-package-idea]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Apackage-idea
[search-apivideo-org-label-wrong-repo]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+user%3Aapivideo+label%3Awrong-repo
[search-apivideo-org-label-work-in-progress]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3Aapivideo%2Fapivideo+label%3Awork-in-progress
[search-apivideo-org-label-needs-review]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3Aapivideo%2Fapivideo+label%3Aneeds-review
[search-apivideo-org-label-under-review]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3Aapivideo%2Fapivideo+label%3Aunder-review
[search-apivideo-org-label-requires-changes]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3Aapivideo%2Fapivideo+label%3Arequires-changes
[search-apivideo-org-label-needs-testing]: https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+repo%3Aapivideo%2Fapivideo+label%3Aneeds-testing

[help-wanted]:https://github.com/search?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Ahelp-wanted+user%3Aapivideo+sort%3Acomments-desc
