README.md, before:

![](https://github.com/apivideo/API_OAS_file/blob/master/apivideo_banner.png)

# api.video PHP API client

api.video is an API that encodes on the go to facilitate immediate playback, enhancing viewer streaming experiences across multiple devices and platforms. You can stream live or on-demand online videos within minutes.

## Installation

```shell
composer require api-video/php-api-client
```

## Initialize api.video client

Due to PHP PSR support, you must initialize the client with 3 to 5 arguments:
1. Base URI, which can be either `https://sandbox.api.video` or `https://ws.api.video`
2. Your API key, available on your account
3. HTTP client
4. (Request factory)
5. (Stream factory)

Note : If the HTTP client also implements RequestFactoryInterface and StreamFactoryInterface, then it is not necessary to pass this object in 4th and 5th argument.

### Symfony HTTP client example

The Symfony HTTP client has the triple advantage of playing the role of **HTTP client**, but also of **request factory** and **stream factory**. It is therefore sufficient to pass it as an argument 3 times.

```php
<?php
require __DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php';

$httpClient = new \Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client();
$client = new \ApiVideo\Client(
    'https://sandbox.api.video',
    'YOUR_API_TOKEN',
    $httpClient
);
?>
```

## Public endpoints

Some endpoints don't require authentication. These one can be called with a Client instantiated with a `null` API token:

```php
<?php
require __DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php';

$httpClient = new \Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client();
$client = new \ApiVideo\Client(
    'https://sandbox.api.video',
    null,
    $httpClient
);
?>
```

## Cookbook

In the following examples the `$client` must already be initialized.

### Create a video

```php
$payload = (new VideoCreationPayload())
    ->setTitle('Test video creation');

$video = $client->videos()->create($payload);
```

### Upload a video

```php
$payload = (new VideoCreationPayload())
    ->setTitle('Test video creation');

$video = $client->videos()->create($payload);

$this->client->videos()->upload(
    $video->getVideoId(),
    new SplFileObject(__DIR__.'/../earth.mp4')
);
```

#### Chunks

The video is automatically split into 1 Mb chunks.

To modify the size of the chunks, fill in the last argument `$contentRange` as follows:

- `bytes 0-{size}/0` where `{size}` is the size of the chunk.

For example : `bytes 0-500000/0` for 500 Kb chunks.

## API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to `https://ws.api.video`.


### CaptionsApi

#### Retrieve an instance of CaptionsApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$captions = $client->captions();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/CaptionsApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/videos/{videoId}/captions/{language}` | Delete a caption
[**list**](docs/Api/CaptionsApi.md#list) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}/captions` | List video captions
[**get**](docs/Api/CaptionsApi.md#get) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}/captions/{language}` | Show a caption
[**update**](docs/Api/CaptionsApi.md#update) | **PATCH** `/videos/{videoId}/captions/{language}` | Update caption
[**upload**](docs/Api/CaptionsApi.md#upload) | **POST** `/videos/{videoId}/captions/{language}` | Upload a caption


### ChaptersApi

#### Retrieve an instance of ChaptersApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$chapters = $client->chapters();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/ChaptersApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/videos/{videoId}/chapters/{language}` | Delete a chapter
[**list**](docs/Api/ChaptersApi.md#list) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}/chapters` | List video chapters
[**get**](docs/Api/ChaptersApi.md#get) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}/chapters/{language}` | Show a chapter
[**upload**](docs/Api/ChaptersApi.md#upload) | **POST** `/videos/{videoId}/chapters/{language}` | Upload a chapter


### LiveStreamsApi

#### Retrieve an instance of LiveStreamsApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$liveStreams = $client->liveStreams();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/live-streams/{liveStreamId}` | Delete a live stream
[**deleteThumbnail**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#deleteThumbnail) | **DELETE** `/live-streams/{liveStreamId}/thumbnail` | Delete a thumbnail
[**list**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#list) | **GET** `/live-streams` | List all live streams
[**get**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#get) | **GET** `/live-streams/{liveStreamId}` | Show live stream
[**update**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#update) | **PATCH** `/live-streams/{liveStreamId}` | Update a live stream
[**create**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#create) | **POST** `/live-streams` | Create live stream
[**uploadThumbnail**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#uploadThumbnail) | **POST** `/live-streams/{liveStreamId}/thumbnail` | Upload a thumbnail


### PlayerThemesApi

#### Retrieve an instance of PlayerThemesApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$playerThemes = $client->playerThemes();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/players/{playerId}` | Delete a player
[**deleteLogo**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#deleteLogo) | **DELETE** `/players/{playerId}/logo` | Delete logo
[**list**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#list) | **GET** `/players` | List all players
[**get**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#get) | **GET** `/players/{playerId}` | Show a player
[**update**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#update) | **PATCH** `/players/{playerId}` | Update a player
[**create**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#create) | **POST** `/players` | Create a player
[**uploadLogo**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#uploadLogo) | **POST** `/players/{playerId}/logo` | Upload a logo


### RawStatisticsApi

#### Retrieve an instance of RawStatisticsApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$rawStatistics = $client->rawStatistics();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**listLiveStreamSessions**](docs/Api/RawStatisticsApi.md#listLiveStreamSessions) | **GET** `/analytics/live-streams/{liveStreamId}` | List live stream player sessions
[**listSessionEvents**](docs/Api/RawStatisticsApi.md#listSessionEvents) | **GET** `/analytics/sessions/{sessionId}/events` | List player session events
[**listVideoSessions**](docs/Api/RawStatisticsApi.md#listVideoSessions) | **GET** `/analytics/videos/{videoId}` | List video player sessions


### UploadTokensApi

#### Retrieve an instance of UploadTokensApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$uploadTokens = $client->uploadTokens();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**deleteToken**](docs/Api/UploadTokensApi.md#deleteToken) | **DELETE** `/upload-tokens/{uploadToken}` | Delete an upload token
[**list**](docs/Api/UploadTokensApi.md#list) | **GET** `/upload-tokens` | List all active upload tokens.
[**getToken**](docs/Api/UploadTokensApi.md#getToken) | **GET** `/upload-tokens/{uploadToken}` | Show upload token
[**createToken**](docs/Api/UploadTokensApi.md#createToken) | **POST** `/upload-tokens` | Generate an upload token


### VideosApi

#### Retrieve an instance of VideosApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$videos = $client->videos();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/videos/{videoId}` | Delete a video
[**get**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#get) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}` | Show a video
[**getStatus**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#getStatus) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}/status` | Show video status
[**list**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#list) | **GET** `/videos` | List all videos
[**update**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#update) | **PATCH** `/videos/{videoId}` | Update a video
[**pickThumbnail**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#pickThumbnail) | **PATCH** `/videos/{videoId}/thumbnail` | Pick a thumbnail
[**uploadWithUploadToken**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#uploadWithUploadToken) | **POST** `/upload` | Upload with an upload token
[**create**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#create) | **POST** `/videos` | Create a video
[**upload**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#upload) | **POST** `/videos/{videoId}/source` | Upload a video
[**uploadThumbnail**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#uploadThumbnail) | **POST** `/videos/{videoId}/thumbnail` | Upload a thumbnail


### WebhooksApi

#### Retrieve an instance of WebhooksApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$webhooks = $client->webhooks();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/WebhooksApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/webhooks/{webhookId}` | Delete a Webhook
[**get**](docs/Api/WebhooksApi.md#get) | **GET** `/webhooks/{webhookId}` | Show Webhook details
[**list**](docs/Api/WebhooksApi.md#list) | **GET** `/webhooks` | List all webhooks
[**create**](docs/Api/WebhooksApi.md#create) | **POST** `/webhooks` | Create Webhook



### Models

 - [AccessToken](docs/Model/AccessToken.md)
 - [Account](docs/Model/Account.md)
 - [AccountQuota](docs/Model/AccountQuota.md)
 - [AuthenticatePayload](docs/Model/AuthenticatePayload.md)
 - [BadRequest](docs/Model/BadRequest.md)
 - [BytesRange](docs/Model/BytesRange.md)
 - [Caption](docs/Model/Caption.md)
 - [CaptionsListResponse](docs/Model/CaptionsListResponse.md)
 - [CaptionsUpdatePayload](docs/Model/CaptionsUpdatePayload.md)
 - [Chapter](docs/Model/Chapter.md)
 - [ChaptersListResponse](docs/Model/ChaptersListResponse.md)
 - [Link](docs/Model/Link.md)
 - [LiveStream](docs/Model/LiveStream.md)
 - [LiveStreamAssets](docs/Model/LiveStreamAssets.md)
 - [LiveStreamCreationPayload](docs/Model/LiveStreamCreationPayload.md)
 - [LiveStreamListResponse](docs/Model/LiveStreamListResponse.md)
 - [LiveStreamSession](docs/Model/LiveStreamSession.md)
 - [LiveStreamSessionClient](docs/Model/LiveStreamSessionClient.md)
 - [LiveStreamSessionDevice](docs/Model/LiveStreamSessionDevice.md)
 - [LiveStreamSessionLocation](docs/Model/LiveStreamSessionLocation.md)
 - [LiveStreamSessionReferrer](docs/Model/LiveStreamSessionReferrer.md)
 - [LiveStreamSessionSession](docs/Model/LiveStreamSessionSession.md)
 - [LiveStreamUpdatePayload](docs/Model/LiveStreamUpdatePayload.md)
 - [Metadata](docs/Model/Metadata.md)
 - [NotFound](docs/Model/NotFound.md)
 - [Pagination](docs/Model/Pagination.md)
 - [PaginationLink](docs/Model/PaginationLink.md)
 - [PlayerSessionEvent](docs/Model/PlayerSessionEvent.md)
 - [PlayerTheme](docs/Model/PlayerTheme.md)
 - [PlayerThemeAssets](docs/Model/PlayerThemeAssets.md)
 - [PlayerThemeCreationPayload](docs/Model/PlayerThemeCreationPayload.md)
 - [PlayerThemeUpdatePayload](docs/Model/PlayerThemeUpdatePayload.md)
 - [PlayerThemesListResponse](docs/Model/PlayerThemesListResponse.md)
 - [Quality](docs/Model/Quality.md)
 - [RawStatisticsListLiveStreamAnalyticsResponse](docs/Model/RawStatisticsListLiveStreamAnalyticsResponse.md)
 - [RawStatisticsListPlayerSessionEventsResponse](docs/Model/RawStatisticsListPlayerSessionEventsResponse.md)
 - [RawStatisticsListSessionsResponse](docs/Model/RawStatisticsListSessionsResponse.md)
 - [RefreshTokenPayload](docs/Model/RefreshTokenPayload.md)
 - [TokenCreationPayload](docs/Model/TokenCreationPayload.md)
 - [TokenListResponse](docs/Model/TokenListResponse.md)
 - [UploadToken](docs/Model/UploadToken.md)
 - [Video](docs/Model/Video.md)
 - [VideoAssets](docs/Model/VideoAssets.md)
 - [VideoCreationPayload](docs/Model/VideoCreationPayload.md)
 - [VideoSession](docs/Model/VideoSession.md)
 - [VideoSessionClient](docs/Model/VideoSessionClient.md)
 - [VideoSessionDevice](docs/Model/VideoSessionDevice.md)
 - [VideoSessionLocation](docs/Model/VideoSessionLocation.md)
 - [VideoSessionOs](docs/Model/VideoSessionOs.md)
 - [VideoSessionReferrer](docs/Model/VideoSessionReferrer.md)
 - [VideoSessionSession](docs/Model/VideoSessionSession.md)
 - [VideoSource](docs/Model/VideoSource.md)
 - [VideoSourceLiveStream](docs/Model/VideoSourceLiveStream.md)
 - [VideoSourceLiveStreamLink](docs/Model/VideoSourceLiveStreamLink.md)
 - [VideoStatus](docs/Model/VideoStatus.md)
 - [VideoStatusEncoding](docs/Model/VideoStatusEncoding.md)
 - [VideoStatusEncodingMetadata](docs/Model/VideoStatusEncodingMetadata.md)
 - [VideoStatusIngest](docs/Model/VideoStatusIngest.md)
 - [VideoThumbnailPickPayload](docs/Model/VideoThumbnailPickPayload.md)
 - [VideoUpdatePayload](docs/Model/VideoUpdatePayload.md)
 - [VideosListResponse](docs/Model/VideosListResponse.md)
 - [Webhook](docs/Model/Webhook.md)
 - [WebhooksCreationPayload](docs/Model/WebhooksCreationPayload.md)
 - [WebhooksListResponse](docs/Model/WebhooksListResponse.md)


## Tests

In order to run the PhpUnit tests, it is necessary to enter two variables in the command line:

- `BASE_URI` (for example : `https://sandbox.api.video`)
- `API_KEY`

These identifiers must belong to a real Api.video account.

```
$ BASE_URI="" API_KEY="..." vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Have you gotten use from this API client?

Please take a moment to leave a star on the client ⭐

This helps other users to find the clients and also helps us understand which clients are most popular. Thank you!

Commit message:

doc(php) add a paragraph about composer install in readme

README.md, after:

![](https://github.com/apivideo/API_OAS_file/blob/master/apivideo_banner.png)

# api.video PHP API client

api.video is an API that encodes on the go to facilitate immediate playback, enhancing viewer streaming experiences across multiple devices and platforms. You can stream live or on-demand online videos within minutes.

## Installation

```shell
composer require api-video/php-api-client
```

## Initialize api.video client

Due to PHP PSR support, you must initialize the client with 3 to 5 arguments:
1. Base URI, which can be either `https://sandbox.api.video` or `https://ws.api.video`
2. Your API key, available on your account
3. HTTP client
4. (Request factory)
5. (Stream factory)

Note : If the HTTP client also implements RequestFactoryInterface and StreamFactoryInterface, then it is not necessary to pass this object in 4th and 5th argument.

### Symfony HTTP client example

The Symfony HTTP client has the triple advantage of playing the role of **HTTP client**, but also of **request factory** and **stream factory**. It is therefore sufficient to pass it as an argument 3 times.

If the HTTP client isn't yet in your project, you can add it with:

```shell
composer require symfony/http-client
composer require nyholm/psr7
```

After that, you'll be able to create the api.video client:

```php
<?php
require __DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php';

$httpClient = new \Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client();
$client = new \ApiVideo\Client(
    'https://sandbox.api.video',
    'YOUR_API_TOKEN',
    $httpClient
);
?>
```

## Public endpoints

Some endpoints don't require authentication. These one can be called with a Client instantiated with a `null` API token:

```php
<?php
require __DIR__ . '/vendor/autoload.php';

$httpClient = new \Symfony\Component\HttpClient\Psr18Client();
$client = new \ApiVideo\Client(
    'https://sandbox.api.video',
    null,
    $httpClient
);
?>
```

## Cookbook

In the following examples the `$client` must already be initialized.

### Create a video

```php
$payload = (new VideoCreationPayload())
    ->setTitle('Test video creation');

$video = $client->videos()->create($payload);
```

### Upload a video

```php
$payload = (new VideoCreationPayload())
    ->setTitle('Test video creation');

$video = $client->videos()->create($payload);

$this->client->videos()->upload(
    $video->getVideoId(),
    new SplFileObject(__DIR__.'/../earth.mp4')
);
```

#### Chunks

The video is automatically split into 1 Mb chunks.

To modify the size of the chunks, fill in the last argument `$contentRange` as follows:

- `bytes 0-{size}/0` where `{size}` is the size of the chunk.

For example : `bytes 0-500000/0` for 500 Kb chunks.

## API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to `https://ws.api.video`.


### CaptionsApi

#### Retrieve an instance of CaptionsApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$captions = $client->captions();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/CaptionsApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/videos/{videoId}/captions/{language}` | Delete a caption
[**list**](docs/Api/CaptionsApi.md#list) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}/captions` | List video captions
[**get**](docs/Api/CaptionsApi.md#get) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}/captions/{language}` | Show a caption
[**update**](docs/Api/CaptionsApi.md#update) | **PATCH** `/videos/{videoId}/captions/{language}` | Update caption
[**upload**](docs/Api/CaptionsApi.md#upload) | **POST** `/videos/{videoId}/captions/{language}` | Upload a caption


### ChaptersApi

#### Retrieve an instance of ChaptersApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$chapters = $client->chapters();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/ChaptersApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/videos/{videoId}/chapters/{language}` | Delete a chapter
[**list**](docs/Api/ChaptersApi.md#list) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}/chapters` | List video chapters
[**get**](docs/Api/ChaptersApi.md#get) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}/chapters/{language}` | Show a chapter
[**upload**](docs/Api/ChaptersApi.md#upload) | **POST** `/videos/{videoId}/chapters/{language}` | Upload a chapter


### LiveStreamsApi

#### Retrieve an instance of LiveStreamsApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$liveStreams = $client->liveStreams();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/live-streams/{liveStreamId}` | Delete a live stream
[**deleteThumbnail**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#deleteThumbnail) | **DELETE** `/live-streams/{liveStreamId}/thumbnail` | Delete a thumbnail
[**list**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#list) | **GET** `/live-streams` | List all live streams
[**get**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#get) | **GET** `/live-streams/{liveStreamId}` | Show live stream
[**update**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#update) | **PATCH** `/live-streams/{liveStreamId}` | Update a live stream
[**create**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#create) | **POST** `/live-streams` | Create live stream
[**uploadThumbnail**](docs/Api/LiveStreamsApi.md#uploadThumbnail) | **POST** `/live-streams/{liveStreamId}/thumbnail` | Upload a thumbnail


### PlayerThemesApi

#### Retrieve an instance of PlayerThemesApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$playerThemes = $client->playerThemes();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/players/{playerId}` | Delete a player
[**deleteLogo**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#deleteLogo) | **DELETE** `/players/{playerId}/logo` | Delete logo
[**list**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#list) | **GET** `/players` | List all players
[**get**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#get) | **GET** `/players/{playerId}` | Show a player
[**update**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#update) | **PATCH** `/players/{playerId}` | Update a player
[**create**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#create) | **POST** `/players` | Create a player
[**uploadLogo**](docs/Api/PlayerThemesApi.md#uploadLogo) | **POST** `/players/{playerId}/logo` | Upload a logo


### RawStatisticsApi

#### Retrieve an instance of RawStatisticsApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$rawStatistics = $client->rawStatistics();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**listLiveStreamSessions**](docs/Api/RawStatisticsApi.md#listLiveStreamSessions) | **GET** `/analytics/live-streams/{liveStreamId}` | List live stream player sessions
[**listSessionEvents**](docs/Api/RawStatisticsApi.md#listSessionEvents) | **GET** `/analytics/sessions/{sessionId}/events` | List player session events
[**listVideoSessions**](docs/Api/RawStatisticsApi.md#listVideoSessions) | **GET** `/analytics/videos/{videoId}` | List video player sessions


### UploadTokensApi

#### Retrieve an instance of UploadTokensApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$uploadTokens = $client->uploadTokens();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**deleteToken**](docs/Api/UploadTokensApi.md#deleteToken) | **DELETE** `/upload-tokens/{uploadToken}` | Delete an upload token
[**list**](docs/Api/UploadTokensApi.md#list) | **GET** `/upload-tokens` | List all active upload tokens.
[**getToken**](docs/Api/UploadTokensApi.md#getToken) | **GET** `/upload-tokens/{uploadToken}` | Show upload token
[**createToken**](docs/Api/UploadTokensApi.md#createToken) | **POST** `/upload-tokens` | Generate an upload token


### VideosApi

#### Retrieve an instance of VideosApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$videos = $client->videos();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/videos/{videoId}` | Delete a video
[**get**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#get) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}` | Show a video
[**getStatus**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#getStatus) | **GET** `/videos/{videoId}/status` | Show video status
[**list**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#list) | **GET** `/videos` | List all videos
[**update**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#update) | **PATCH** `/videos/{videoId}` | Update a video
[**pickThumbnail**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#pickThumbnail) | **PATCH** `/videos/{videoId}/thumbnail` | Pick a thumbnail
[**uploadWithUploadToken**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#uploadWithUploadToken) | **POST** `/upload` | Upload with an upload token
[**create**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#create) | **POST** `/videos` | Create a video
[**upload**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#upload) | **POST** `/videos/{videoId}/source` | Upload a video
[**uploadThumbnail**](docs/Api/VideosApi.md#uploadThumbnail) | **POST** `/videos/{videoId}/thumbnail` | Upload a thumbnail


### WebhooksApi

#### Retrieve an instance of WebhooksApi

```php
// The $client must already be initialized
$webhooks = $client->webhooks();
```

#### Endpoints

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**delete**](docs/Api/WebhooksApi.md#delete) | **DELETE** `/webhooks/{webhookId}` | Delete a Webhook
[**get**](docs/Api/WebhooksApi.md#get) | **GET** `/webhooks/{webhookId}` | Show Webhook details
[**list**](docs/Api/WebhooksApi.md#list) | **GET** `/webhooks` | List all webhooks
[**create**](docs/Api/WebhooksApi.md#create) | **POST** `/webhooks` | Create Webhook



### Models

 - [AccessToken](docs/Model/AccessToken.md)
 - [Account](docs/Model/Account.md)
 - [AccountQuota](docs/Model/AccountQuota.md)
 - [AuthenticatePayload](docs/Model/AuthenticatePayload.md)
 - [BadRequest](docs/Model/BadRequest.md)
 - [BytesRange](docs/Model/BytesRange.md)
 - [Caption](docs/Model/Caption.md)
 - [CaptionsListResponse](docs/Model/CaptionsListResponse.md)
 - [CaptionsUpdatePayload](docs/Model/CaptionsUpdatePayload.md)
 - [Chapter](docs/Model/Chapter.md)
 - [ChaptersListResponse](docs/Model/ChaptersListResponse.md)
 - [Link](docs/Model/Link.md)
 - [LiveStream](docs/Model/LiveStream.md)
 - [LiveStreamAssets](docs/Model/LiveStreamAssets.md)
 - [LiveStreamCreationPayload](docs/Model/LiveStreamCreationPayload.md)
 - [LiveStreamListResponse](docs/Model/LiveStreamListResponse.md)
 - [LiveStreamSession](docs/Model/LiveStreamSession.md)
 - [LiveStreamSessionClient](docs/Model/LiveStreamSessionClient.md)
 - [LiveStreamSessionDevice](docs/Model/LiveStreamSessionDevice.md)
 - [LiveStreamSessionLocation](docs/Model/LiveStreamSessionLocation.md)
 - [LiveStreamSessionReferrer](docs/Model/LiveStreamSessionReferrer.md)
 - [LiveStreamSessionSession](docs/Model/LiveStreamSessionSession.md)
 - [LiveStreamUpdatePayload](docs/Model/LiveStreamUpdatePayload.md)
 - [Metadata](docs/Model/Metadata.md)
 - [NotFound](docs/Model/NotFound.md)
 - [Pagination](docs/Model/Pagination.md)
 - [PaginationLink](docs/Model/PaginationLink.md)
 - [PlayerSessionEvent](docs/Model/PlayerSessionEvent.md)
 - [PlayerTheme](docs/Model/PlayerTheme.md)
 - [PlayerThemeAssets](docs/Model/PlayerThemeAssets.md)
 - [PlayerThemeCreationPayload](docs/Model/PlayerThemeCreationPayload.md)
 - [PlayerThemeUpdatePayload](docs/Model/PlayerThemeUpdatePayload.md)
 - [PlayerThemesListResponse](docs/Model/PlayerThemesListResponse.md)
 - [Quality](docs/Model/Quality.md)
 - [RawStatisticsListLiveStreamAnalyticsResponse](docs/Model/RawStatisticsListLiveStreamAnalyticsResponse.md)
 - [RawStatisticsListPlayerSessionEventsResponse](docs/Model/RawStatisticsListPlayerSessionEventsResponse.md)
 - [RawStatisticsListSessionsResponse](docs/Model/RawStatisticsListSessionsResponse.md)
 - [RefreshTokenPayload](docs/Model/RefreshTokenPayload.md)
 - [TokenCreationPayload](docs/Model/TokenCreationPayload.md)
 - [TokenListResponse](docs/Model/TokenListResponse.md)
 - [UploadToken](docs/Model/UploadToken.md)
 - [Video](docs/Model/Video.md)
 - [VideoAssets](docs/Model/VideoAssets.md)
 - [VideoCreationPayload](docs/Model/VideoCreationPayload.md)
 - [VideoSession](docs/Model/VideoSession.md)
 - [VideoSessionClient](docs/Model/VideoSessionClient.md)
 - [VideoSessionDevice](docs/Model/VideoSessionDevice.md)
 - [VideoSessionLocation](docs/Model/VideoSessionLocation.md)
 - [VideoSessionOs](docs/Model/VideoSessionOs.md)
 - [VideoSessionReferrer](docs/Model/VideoSessionReferrer.md)
 - [VideoSessionSession](docs/Model/VideoSessionSession.md)
 - [VideoSource](docs/Model/VideoSource.md)
 - [VideoSourceLiveStream](docs/Model/VideoSourceLiveStream.md)
 - [VideoSourceLiveStreamLink](docs/Model/VideoSourceLiveStreamLink.md)
 - [VideoStatus](docs/Model/VideoStatus.md)
 - [VideoStatusEncoding](docs/Model/VideoStatusEncoding.md)
 - [VideoStatusEncodingMetadata](docs/Model/VideoStatusEncodingMetadata.md)
 - [VideoStatusIngest](docs/Model/VideoStatusIngest.md)
 - [VideoThumbnailPickPayload](docs/Model/VideoThumbnailPickPayload.md)
 - [VideoUpdatePayload](docs/Model/VideoUpdatePayload.md)
 - [VideosListResponse](docs/Model/VideosListResponse.md)
 - [Webhook](docs/Model/Webhook.md)
 - [WebhooksCreationPayload](docs/Model/WebhooksCreationPayload.md)
 - [WebhooksListResponse](docs/Model/WebhooksListResponse.md)


## Tests

In order to run the PhpUnit tests, it is necessary to enter two variables in the command line:

- `BASE_URI` (for example : `https://sandbox.api.video`)
- `API_KEY`

These identifiers must belong to a real Api.video account.

```
$ BASE_URI="" API_KEY="..." vendor/bin/phpunit
```

## Have you gotten use from this API client?

Please take a moment to leave a star on the client ⭐

This helps other users to find the clients and also helps us understand which clients are most popular. Thank you!
