docs/Api/AnalyticsApi.md, before:

# ApiVideo\Client\Api\AnalyticsApi

All URIs are relative to https://ws.api.video.

Method | Description | HTTP request
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**getLiveStreamsPlays()**](AnalyticsApi.md#getLiveStreamsPlays) | Get play events for live stream | **GET** `/analytics/live-streams/plays`
[**getVideosPlays()**](AnalyticsApi.md#getVideosPlays) | Get play events for video | **GET** `/analytics/videos/plays`


## **`getLiveStreamsPlays()` - Get play events for live stream**



Retrieve filtered analytics about the number of plays for your live streams in a project.

### Arguments





Note: `queryParams` argument is an associative array with the keys listed below.

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- 
 `from` | **\DateTime**| Use this query parameter to set the start date for the time period that you want analytics for. - The API returns analytics data including the day you set in &#x60;from&#x60;. - The date you set must be **within the last 30 days**. - The value you provide must follow the &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format. |
 `dimension` | **string**| Use this query parameter to define the dimension that you want analytics for. - &#x60;liveStreamId&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the public live stream identifiers. - &#x60;emittedAt&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the times of the play events. The API returns data in specific interval groups. When the date period you set in &#x60;from&#x60; and &#x60;to&#x60; is less than or equals to 2 days, the response for this dimension is grouped in hourly intervals. Otherwise, it is grouped in daily intervals. - &#x60;country&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the viewers&#39; country. The list of supported country names are based on the [GeoNames public database](https://www.geonames.org/countries/). - &#x60;deviceType&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the type of device used by the viewers during the play event. - &#x60;operatingSystem&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the operating system used by the viewers during the play event. - &#x60;browser&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the browser used by the viewers during the play event. |
 `to` | **\DateTime**| Use this optional query parameter to set the end date for the time period that you want analytics for. - If you do not specify a &#x60;to&#x60; date, the API returns analytics data starting from the &#x60;from&#x60; date up until today, and excluding today. - The date you set must be **within the last 30 days**. - The value you provide must follow the &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format. | [optional]
 `filter` | **string**| Use this query parameter to filter your results to a specific live stream in a project that you want analytics for. You must use the &#x60;liveStreamId:&#x60; prefix when specifying a live stream ID. | [optional]
 `currentPage` | **int**| Choose the number of search results to return per page. Minimum value: 1 | [optional] [default to 1]
 `pageSize` | **int**| Results per page. Allowed values 1-100, default is 25. | [optional] [default to 25]






### Return type

[**\ApiVideo\Client\Model\AnalyticsPlaysResponse**](../Model/AnalyticsPlaysResponse.md)





## **`getVideosPlays()` - Get play events for video**



Retrieve filtered analytics about the number of plays for your videos in a project.

### Arguments





Note: `queryParams` argument is an associative array with the keys listed below.

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- 
 `from` | **\DateTime**| Use this query parameter to set the start date for the time period that you want analytics for. - The API returns analytics data including the day you set in &#x60;from&#x60;. - The date you set must be **within the last 30 days**. - The value you provide must follow the &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format. |
 `dimension` | **string**| Use this query parameter to define the dimension that you want analytics for. - &#x60;videoId&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the public video identifiers. - &#x60;emittedAt&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the times of the play events. The API returns data in specific interval groups. When the date period you set in &#x60;from&#x60; and &#x60;to&#x60; is less than or equals to 2 days, the response for this dimension is grouped in hourly intervals. Otherwise, it is grouped in daily intervals. - &#x60;country&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the viewers&#39; country. The list of supported country names are based on the [GeoNames public database](https://www.geonames.org/countries/). - &#x60;deviceType&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the type of device used by the viewers during the play event. - &#x60;operatingSystem&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the operating system used by the viewers during the play event. - &#x60;browser&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the browser used by the viewers during the play event. |
 `to` | **\DateTime**| Use this optional query parameter to set the end date for the time period that you want analytics for. - If you do not specify a &#x60;to&#x60; date, the API returns analytics data starting from the &#x60;from&#x60; date up until today, and excluding today. - The date you set must be **within the last 30 days**. - The value you provide must follow the &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format. | [optional]
 `filter` | **string**| Use this query parameter to filter your results to a specific video in a project that you want analytics for. You must use the &#x60;videoId:&#x60; prefix when specifying a video ID. | [optional]
 `currentPage` | **int**| Choose the number of search results to return per page. Minimum value: 1 | [optional] [default to 1]
 `pageSize` | **int**| Results per page. Allowed values 1-100, default is 25. | [optional] [default to 25]






### Return type

[**\ApiVideo\Client\Model\AnalyticsPlaysResponse**](../Model/AnalyticsPlaysResponse.md)

Commit message:

Add possible values to dimension params

docs/Api/AnalyticsApi.md, after:

# ApiVideo\Client\Api\AnalyticsApi

All URIs are relative to https://ws.api.video.

Method | Description | HTTP request
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**getLiveStreamsPlays()**](AnalyticsApi.md#getLiveStreamsPlays) | Get play events for live stream | **GET** `/analytics/live-streams/plays`
[**getVideosPlays()**](AnalyticsApi.md#getVideosPlays) | Get play events for video | **GET** `/analytics/videos/plays`


## **`getLiveStreamsPlays()` - Get play events for live stream**



Retrieve filtered analytics about the number of plays for your live streams in a project.

### Arguments





Note: `queryParams` argument is an associative array with the keys listed below.

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- 
 `from` | **\DateTime**| Use this query parameter to set the start date for the time period that you want analytics for. - The API returns analytics data including the day you set in &#x60;from&#x60;. - The date you set must be **within the last 30 days**. - The value you provide must follow the &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format. |
 `dimension` | **string**| Use this query parameter to define the dimension that you want analytics for. - &#x60;liveStreamId&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the public live stream identifiers. - &#x60;emittedAt&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the times of the play events. The API returns data in specific interval groups. When the date period you set in &#x60;from&#x60; and &#x60;to&#x60; is less than or equals to 2 days, the response for this dimension is grouped in hourly intervals. Otherwise, it is grouped in daily intervals. - &#x60;country&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the viewers&#39; country. The list of supported country names are based on the [GeoNames public database](https://www.geonames.org/countries/). - &#x60;deviceType&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the type of device used by the viewers during the play event. Possible response values are: &#x60;computer&#x60;, &#x60;phone&#x60;, &#x60;tablet&#x60;, &#x60;tv&#x60;, &#x60;console&#x60;, &#x60;wearable&#x60;, &#x60;unknown&#x60;. - &#x60;operatingSystem&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the operating system used by the viewers during the play event. Response values include &#x60;windows&#x60;, &#x60;mac osx&#x60;, &#x60;android&#x60;, &#x60;ios&#x60;, &#x60;linux&#x60;. - &#x60;browser&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the browser used by the viewers during the play event. Response values include &#x60;chrome&#x60;, &#x60;firefox&#x60;, &#x60;edge&#x60;, &#x60;opera&#x60;. |
 `to` | **\DateTime**| Use this optional query parameter to set the end date for the time period that you want analytics for. - If you do not specify a &#x60;to&#x60; date, the API returns analytics data starting from the &#x60;from&#x60; date up until today, and excluding today. - The date you set must be **within the last 30 days**. - The value you provide must follow the &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format. | [optional]
 `filter` | **string**| Use this query parameter to filter your results to a specific live stream in a project that you want analytics for. You must use the &#x60;liveStreamId:&#x60; prefix when specifying a live stream ID. | [optional]
 `currentPage` | **int**| Choose the number of search results to return per page. Minimum value: 1 | [optional] [default to 1]
 `pageSize` | **int**| Results per page. Allowed values 1-100, default is 25. | [optional] [default to 25]






### Return type

[**\ApiVideo\Client\Model\AnalyticsPlaysResponse**](../Model/AnalyticsPlaysResponse.md)





## **`getVideosPlays()` - Get play events for video**



Retrieve filtered analytics about the number of plays for your videos in a project.

### Arguments





Note: `queryParams` argument is an associative array with the keys listed below.

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- 
 `from` | **\DateTime**| Use this query parameter to set the start date for the time period that you want analytics for. - The API returns analytics data including the day you set in &#x60;from&#x60;. - The date you set must be **within the last 30 days**. - The value you provide must follow the &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format. |
 `dimension` | **string**| Use this query parameter to define the dimension that you want analytics for. - &#x60;videoId&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the public video identifiers. - &#x60;emittedAt&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the times of the play events. The API returns data in specific interval groups. When the date period you set in &#x60;from&#x60; and &#x60;to&#x60; is less than or equals to 2 days, the response for this dimension is grouped in hourly intervals. Otherwise, it is grouped in daily intervals. - &#x60;country&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the viewers&#39; country. The list of supported country names are based on the [GeoNames public database](https://www.geonames.org/countries/). - &#x60;deviceType&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the type of device used by the viewers during the play event. Possible response values are: &#x60;computer&#x60;, &#x60;phone&#x60;, &#x60;tablet&#x60;, &#x60;tv&#x60;, &#x60;console&#x60;, &#x60;wearable&#x60;, &#x60;unknown&#x60;. - &#x60;operatingSystem&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the operating system used by the viewers during the play event. Response values include &#x60;windows&#x60;, &#x60;mac osx&#x60;, &#x60;android&#x60;, &#x60;ios&#x60;, &#x60;linux&#x60;. - &#x60;browser&#x60;: Returns analytics based on the browser used by the viewers during the play event. Response values include &#x60;chrome&#x60;, &#x60;firefox&#x60;, &#x60;edge&#x60;, &#x60;opera&#x60;. |
 `to` | **\DateTime**| Use this optional query parameter to set the end date for the time period that you want analytics for. - If you do not specify a &#x60;to&#x60; date, the API returns analytics data starting from the &#x60;from&#x60; date up until today, and excluding today. - The date you set must be **within the last 30 days**. - The value you provide must follow the &#x60;YYYY-MM-DD&#x60; format. | [optional]
 `filter` | **string**| Use this query parameter to filter your results to a specific video in a project that you want analytics for. You must use the &#x60;videoId:&#x60; prefix when specifying a video ID. | [optional]
 `currentPage` | **int**| Choose the number of search results to return per page. Minimum value: 1 | [optional] [default to 1]
 `pageSize` | **int**| Results per page. Allowed values 1-100, default is 25. | [optional] [default to 25]






### Return type

[**\ApiVideo\Client\Model\AnalyticsPlaysResponse**](../Model/AnalyticsPlaysResponse.md)
